The following is a guide on how to set up an environment for installing a linux distro:
Note: This is for dual-boot users. It is more preferable to install linux debian on a clean drive
      without a prior windows installation as the windows boot manager can mess things up by not
      showing debian (or any other linux distro) as a boot entry. Plus, sometimes the UEFI can
      also fuck up as well if an nvme pci-e ssd is used (See the section on nvme_UEFI.txt for more)

1) Format a hard disk or SSD
   Run,
   sudo fdisk /dev/deviceName

   Create new GPT partition table (MBR is deprecated as UEFI is more suitable for GPT)
   Save and close

2) Install the distro on a USB drive
   Format the USB drive:
   sudo dd if=/dev/null of=/dev/usb -bs=512
   sudo fdisk /dev/usb and create a new MBR partion table

   Use a tool like rufus or mount the iso file and copy its contents on the usb drive
   sudo dd if=/mountPoint of=/dev/usb -bs=512

3) Restart the computer and go the UEFI menu and select Boot Options and change the boot order
   to the usb

3.5) If the UEFI menu cannot be accessed, go to the GRUB screen and follow the instructions listed
     on the relevant file in this directory.

NOTE: Before running the installer on the USB, use a LAN connection as some distros do not come with
      the WLAN driver/firmware pre-installed.

4) Partition the installation media accordingly and if the installer does not automatically create a
   swap partition, the user will have to create it manually later.

4.5) If the grub boot loader cannot be found and you are redirected to the grub screen,
     follow these steps:
     A) Locate the partition of the root filesystem
     B) set root=(ex1,par5)
        set prefix=(ex1,par5)/boot/grub
     C) insmod normal
	normal	

4.9) By proceeding through the standard debian installation, the user may not necessarily get root
     privileges right away. Instead, they will need to run the following commands first:

  	su
	sudo visudo
	
     From there on, replace root in 
			    root ALL=(ALL:ALL) ALL 
     with the username to bestow upon root privileges

5) After the kernel has been set-up without any problems and the desktop environment has been installed,
   check all device drivers using the following command:

   sudo lspci

   Cross-check if device drivers have been installed on the system. If that is not the case, install
   them manually by following the corresponding instructions on a relevant file in this repository. 

6) Install the packages listed on the relevant file in this repository.

7) Installing python packages:
   Note that the traditional pip install may not work. Instead, the pipx package should be installed and
   from there, replace pip or pip3 with pipx to install the required package.

